en: refine hardware requirements description (#644)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/hardware-and-software-requirements.md

> **Note:**
>

> > - In the production environment, it is not recommended to deploy and run DM-master and DM-worker on the same server, because when DM-worker writes to a disk, it may interfere with the use of disks by the DM-master high availability component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - In the production environment, it is not recommended to deploy and run DM-master and DM-worker on the same server, because when DM-worker writes to disks, it may interfere with the use of disks by the DM-master's high availability component.
```

I'm not an English expert 😂

Author: Updated in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-dm/pull/644/commits/1f40d358b43128671aa94b2d5675aac786e362d2.

> > - In the production environment, it is not recommended to deploy and run DM-master and DM-worker on the same server, because when DM-worker writes to the disk, it may interferes with the use of disks by the DM-master high availability component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - In the production environment, it is not recommended to deploy and run DM-master and DM-worker on the same server, because when DM-worker writes to a disk, it may interfere with the use of disks by the DM-master high availability component.
```

> > - If a performance issue occurs, you are recommended to modify the task configuration file according to [Optimize Configuration of DM](tune-configuration.md). If the performance is not effectively optimized by tuning the configuration file, you can try to upgrade the configuration of your server.

Reviewer: 升级服务器配置是类似“升级硬件”的含义，不确定 “upgrade the configuration of your server” 可不可以

Author: Updated in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-dm/pull/644/commits/1f40d358b43128671aa94b2d5675aac786e362d2.

> > - If you encounter performance issues, you are recommended to modify the task configuration file according to [Optimize Configuration of DM](tune-configuration.md). If the performance is not effectively optimized by tuning configuration files, you can try to upgrade the configuration of your server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - If a performance issue occurs, you are recommended to modify the task configuration file according to [Optimize Configuration of DM](tune-configuration.md). If the performance is not effectively optimized by tuning the configuration file, you can try to upgrade the configuration of your server.
```
